this movie is banned in 55 countries in
order to publish it
the producer had to delete 47 minutes of
the movie the main character is nicola 6
who has relationship with three men
she once said there is no family that i
can't break people who watch this movie
say
she's the dream of every man just with a
quick look she could know what type of
girl you like
and then pretended to approach you and
eventually stole your heart
nicola could play the innocent naive
woman in front of the rich man guy
but could also be a sexy woman when
she's with keith she would make you want
her but can't have her
because things which you can't have are
addictive on that day nicola arrived at
a pub right when she walked in
she drew all the men's attention keith
started flirting with her
that i didn't buy he did try to be a
gentleman she didn't have to do anything
even light up the cigarettes
just a look of her could attract
everyone there apart from a man named
samson
because he was too poor so poor was he
that he didn't dare to glance at her but
then samson discovered that nicola lived
in the apartment above him
one day samson followed her to the park
and saw her dump a few books in a bin
samson read one of them and learned that
nikola had the ability to foresee death
she knew that she would die on her 30th
birthday moreover she would be killed by
a man around her
so she wanted to find who would be the
killer this inspired samson for a new
novel
so he came to nicola and asked her if
she could be the central character of
his novel
because he wanted to write a love
thrilling one the plot would be based on
her real life and wrote about her death
this made nicola's life more interesting
so she agreed with him
from then on nicola told samson about
what happened to her every day the next
day
keith came to find nicola he said he
came to repair the households for her
but actually to approach her first he
intentionally hurt himself so that
nicola would help treat the wound for
him
nicola took the chance and started to
seduce him so gorgeous she was that
keith quickly fell for her
he wanted more but was turned down by
nicola the next day
the rich man guy invited her to a date
she wore a white dress and made up like
a naive woman
one the dining table each of her
gestures was very elegant
nicola succeeded in playing a sweet
innocent woman when they talked she
repeatedly gave signals to guy
she also made up a story about a poor
family hearing so guy immediately wanted
to protect this gorgeous woman he
started to fall in love with her
that night she told samson everything
she had done and then went to find keith
at this time nicola dressed up like a
mature sexy woman and made up carefully
nicola directly took off her panties and
gave it to keith which made him
completely into her
that night nicola started changing her
tactics she told the rich man that we
shouldn't have met
i don't need your money let's break up
after hearing so guy immediately ran to
nicola's flat with his money to make up
with her but nicola said she didn't need
it but guy insisted on giving it to her
in the end nicola had both love and
money after guys leaving
nicola called samson and made love to
him to thank him for writing about her
life
because she had run out of time she
decided to start her last plan
nicola came to keith and asked him to
join a competition
to gain the reward meanwhile guy
suddenly came to her flat
and saw nicola being with keith to trap
this rich guy nicola gave him what he
had always wanted
guy loved nicola so much that he went
home and offered to break up with his
wife
that day nicola wore her prettiest dress
and confronted her death
samson gave her a birthday present and
they made love as the last goodbye
because it was her 30th birthday and
also her dead day whatever she did
she wouldn't be able to change her fate
nicola went to the competition which she
told keith to take part in
she also invited guy to there she was
very gorgeous today
when keith was participating she went
around and lured other men
with her beauty she could easily make
the men love her the rich man now knew
that he was betrayed
samson standing aside saw everything
nicola took a car home it was her last
day
from her very young age she had always
had the dream of being murdered by a man
in black car
without hesitation she came towards the
car but when she looked in
it turned out to be samson in fact both
guy and keith came there
but samson chased them away over the
past few days with nicola
sampson discovered that he fell in love
with her her vulgar death wasn't only
in dignity to nicola but it was also a
disrespect to samson's novel he wanted
to put an end to this novel on his own
in the end nikola was dragged into the
room samson printed it and placed the
novel on nicola's corpse
then he lied next to her and died the
novel was also the last book of samson
the next morning
the publicist came to the house and took
the novel away it then became the number
one bestseller all around the country
making nikola and samson's death
meaningful
this is a movie based on a true story
this movie is set in london
in 1985. it's named after its origin
london fields